Update creating_a_webhook.md (#8823)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/creating_a_webhook.md

The [HTTP method]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/understanding_webhooks/#methods) that you should use will vary depending on the endpoint to which you are sending information. In most cases, you'll use POST.

{% alert important %}

> If you change the HTTP request method to GET in the Webhook Composer, any existing content in the request body will be automatically cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changing the method to GET will hide request body form. Any previous content in it will be lost.
```

I think this message will be closer to truth and less confusing.

The reason why the current message is confusing is because it creates an assumption that request body form will still be shown (even though it doesn't make sense), it's just the content that will be cleared out, which is not the case.

Our warning here is targeted towards the case where a user first puts something into request body with POST method, then switches to GET method, then switches back to POST method. Previously, we would repopulate request body with the previous information (which might cause issues on backend). Now, we would not repopulate request body and the form will be completely blank.

> If you change the HTTP request method to GET in the Webhook Composer, the request body form will be hidden, and any previously entered content will be lost.

Reviewer 2: @NikitaNikolaenko is it from POST to GET? or also from DELETE to GET? or some other method to GET?

Reviewer: @exigoking It's from any method that has body to any method that doesn't have body

Reviewer 2: what are the methods that have bodies and what methods that don't have bodies?

Reviewer: Basically, body is not supported only for GET method. Every other method supports body

> If you change the HTTP request method to GET in the Webhook Composer, the request body form will be hidden, and any previously entered content will be lost.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you update the HTTP request method to GET in the webhook editor, the request body form will be hidden, and any previously entered content will be lost.
```
